Insurance Management Platform

Structure:

Packages:
Model- contains entity/model classes
EntryDto- contains dtos for entities
Enums- contains enums for entities
Controller- contains controllers for requests
Service- contains business logic methods
ServiceImpl- contains business logic implementation
Repositories- contains repositories for model classes/entities
Exceptions- contains all exceptions
ExceptionController- contains exception handler

Database used- MySQL

Model classes contain all the related fields.

Clients-
    ClientController contains the rest api endpoint for the operations related to client.
    ClientServiceImpl contains all the business logic for the client.
    ClientRepository is repository interface for all the operations related to database and client

Insurance Policy-
    InsurancePolicyController  contains the rest api endpoint for the operations related to InsurancePolicy.
    InsurancePolicyServiceImpl contains all the business logic for the InsurancePolicy.
    InsurancePolicyRepository is repository interface for all the operations related to database and InsurancePolicy.

Claims-
    ClaimController contains the rest api endpoint for the operations related to Claim.
    ClaimServiceImpl contains all the business logic for the Claim.
    ClaimRepository is repository interface for all the operations related to database and Claim

To run the application run the InsurancemanagementApplication.java

To access the application use the username as "user" and password as the one generated by spring security in the console.

Yaswanth Reddy.

